W-16026636 Making fixes (#341)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/conf-saml-sso.adoc

* Navigating to and completing the *External Identity - Identity Management SAML 2.0* form in Anypoint Platform, and optionally configuring some advanced settings
* Saving and testing your new configuration

> == Before you Begin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Before You Begin
```

* Anypoint Platform does not check the validity of the values in the XML that you upload. +
Verify that your identity configuration is correct before creating the identity provider configuration.

[[export-saml-metadata]]
== Export SAML Metadata

If your identity provider supports uploading service-provider metadata, you can click the *Anypoint service provider metadata* link to download your SAML configuration settings in an XML file. You can then upload this file to your identity provider to configure Anypoint Platform. Note that you must have a SAML 2.0 identity configuration to export this data.

[[sso-redirect-using-cookies]]
== SSO Redirect Process Using Cookies

> Anypoint Platform uses cookies to ensure that SSO users are redirected to the same location from which they initiated their signin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Platform uses cookies to ensure that SSO users are redirected to the same location where they initiated their signin.
```

> . When a user signs in to Anypoint Platform, a cookie is created for the signin session: `mulesoft.sess=xxxxx`. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. When a user signs in to Anypoint Platform, a cookie is created for the signin session: `mulesoft.sess=xxxxx`.
+
```

> The cookie contains the location, such as a public portal, from which the user initiated the signin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cookie contains the location, such as a public portal, where the user initiated the signin.
```

. The cookie is passed to the user's browser.
. The user is directed to their SSO provider for authentication.
. After the user is authenticated using SSO, the provider directs the user back to Anypoint Platform with the authorization decision SAML response.

> . The session cookie, `mulesoft.sess=xxxxx`, is passed from the browser, which redirects the user back to the location from which they initiated the signin process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The session cookie, `mulesoft.sess=xxxxx`, is passed from the browser, which redirects the user back to the location where they initiated the signin process.
```
